Metadata:
{
  "type": "url_content",
  "source": "https://imgtype.com/blog/best-jpg-to-png-converters"
}

Content:











How to Easily Convert JPG to PNG: 8 Great Tools





























































Skip to content 





 
 
Menu 




Menu 
Image Converter

WEBP Converter
PNG Converter
JPG Converter
SVG Converter
BMP Converter
HEIC Converter
ICO Converter
TIFF Converter
AVIF Converter
PSD Converter
RAW converter
TGA Converter
GIF Converter
PICT Converter
HDR Converter
JP2 Converter
PBM Converter


Image Tools

Compress Image
Rotate Image
Crop Image
Resize Images
Image to GIF
Merge Image
Image to Base64
Base64 to Image
Flip Image
Increase Image Size in KB


AI Tools

Free AI Image Generator
Title Generator
Meta Description Generator
TikTok Caption Generator
Facebook Post Generator
Instagram Caption Generator
LinkedIn Post Generator
Twitter Post Generator


PDF Tools

Image to PDF
PDF to JPG
PDF to PNG
PDF to WEBP


Other Tools

Word Counter Tool
CSV to XLSX
XLSX to CSV
CSV to JSON
JSON To XML
Create ZIP File
Create RAR File
Unzip Files
QR Code Generator
Mailto Link Generator
YouTube Thumbnail Downloader
Javascript Minifier
WORD to PDF
EXCEL to PDF
Youtube to MP3
Numbers to Words


 












 
How to Easily Convert JPG to PNG: 8 Great Tools 
November 24, 2024August 28, 2024 by imgType 

If you need to change your JPG images to PNG, you’re going to want a tool that’s fast, reliable, and easy to use. Whether you’re trying to keep a clear background or just want your pictures to look their best, having the right tool is important.
PNG files are great when you need a see-through background or want your image to have more detail. Maybe you’re working on a design, sharing something online, or just want a nicer-looking picture—whatever the reason, a good JPG to PNG converter makes the job easy.
With so many converters out there, it can be tough to know which one to choose. Some might be too complicated or make your images look worse. You want something that’s simple, keeps your images sharp, and doesn’t take a lot of time.
To help you out, here are the best 8 JPG to PNG converters, written in plain, simple words so you can find the one that’s right for you. Whether you’re a designer, a blogger, or just someone who wants their pictures to look great, these tools have you covered.
Table of Contents1 Best 8 JPG to PNG Converters1.1 1. Imgtype1.2 2. BXCode1.3 3. Online-Convert1.4 4. Convertio1.5 5. Zamzar1.6 6. ILoveIMG1.7 7. CloudConvert1.8 8. XnConvert2 Conclusion
Best 8 JPG to PNG Converters
1. Imgtype

Imgtype is a fantastic online tool for turning your JPG images into PNG files. It’s really simple to use—just upload your JPG, hit the convert button, and your PNG is ready to download. What makes Imgtype great is that it keeps your image looking just as good as the original. No details are lost, and the colors stay bright and clear.
But that’s not all. Imgtype lets you upload and convert multiple images at once, which is perfect if you have a bunch of files to work with. It’s fast, too, so you won’t be stuck waiting around. And when your images are ready, you can download them all at once in a single zip file, making it super convenient.
Pros:

Quick and easy to use: Convert your images with just a couple of clicks.
Keeps your image quality: Your pictures stay sharp and colorful, just like the original.
Handles multiple images: You can upload and convert several JPGs at the same time.
Simple batch download: Grab all your converted images in one go.
Friendly interface: Easy to navigate, so anyone can use it without a hassle.


2. BXCode

BXCode offers a straightforward JPG to PNG converter that’s perfect for anyone who values simplicity. You just upload your image, and BXCode handles the rest. It’s a reliable option for anyone who needs a quick conversion without any hassle.
Pros:

Easy to use with a clean interface
Quick and efficient conversion process
No need to install any software


3. Online-Convert
Online-Convert is a versatile tool that supports a wide range of file formats. Its JPG to PNG converter is no exception. This tool offers various options to customize your PNG output, like adjusting the image size, DPI, and more.
Pros:

Supports multiple formats
Customizable conversion settings

Cons:

The interface can be a bit overwhelming for beginners
Conversion speed may be slower compared to simpler tools.
Some advanced features are locked behind a premium plan.


4. Convertio
Convertio is a popular online converter that lets you easily switch from JPG to PNG. It’s cloud-based, so you don’t need to download anything. Convertio supports batch conversions, which is a big plus if you have multiple images to convert.
Pros:

Cloud-based, no downloads needed
Supports batch conversion
Easy-to-use interface

Cons:

Free version has limited file size for uploads
Some features, like OCR and certain file formats, are only available in the paid version.
Limited customization options compared to other converters.


5. Zamzar
Zamzar is a well-known online file conversion service. It’s been around for years and offers a reliable JPG to PNG converter. While it’s not the fastest, it gets the job done with solid results.
Pros:

Supports a wide range of formats
Reliable and trusted service
No need to download software

Cons:

Slower conversion speed compared to others
Free version limits file size


6. ILoveIMG
ILoveIMG is a user-friendly tool that specializes in image conversion and editing. Its JPG to PNG converter is fast and easy to use, making it a great choice for beginners and pros alike.
Pros:

Simple and intuitive interface
Fast conversion process
Additional image editing tools available

Cons:

Limited advanced features for free users
File size limitations in the free version.
Batch conversion is slower with larger files.


7. CloudConvert
CloudConvert is another powerful online converter that supports a wide range of file formats. It offers good control over your conversion settings, allowing you to fine-tune your PNG output.
Pros:

Highly customizable conversion settings
Supports various file formats
Batch conversion available

Cons:

Free version has limited conversion minutes
Larger files can take longer to upload and process.
Advanced features are only available with a paid subscription.
The user interface can be complex for beginners.

8. XnConvert
XnConvert is a desktop application that offers batch processing for converting JPG to PNG. It’s ideal if you need to convert a large number of images and want to do it offline.
Pros:

Supports batch processing
Works offline
Multiple customization options

Cons:

Requires installation
Interface can be a bit complex for new users


Conclusion
Whether you prefer an online tool or a desktop application, there’s a JPG to PNG converter on this list that fits your needs. Imgtype and BXCode stand out for their simplicity and speed, making them top choices for quick and easy conversions. 
For those who need more control or batch processing, tools like CloudConvert and XnConvert are great alternatives. No matter which tool you choose, you’ll be able to convert your images with ease.


Categories Blog 
5 Best OCR Tools for Image to Text Conversion5 Best Free Online Tools to Rotate Images in 2024 




















imgtypeHome
Blog
FAQ
About  Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
 

ConverterJPG Converter
PNG Converter
WEBP Converter
SVG converter
Avif Converter
BMP converter
 

ToolsCrop Image
Upscale Image
Compressor Image
Resize Images
Image To GIF
Flip Image
 

AI ToolsImage Generator
Title Generator
Instagram Caption Generator
Twitter Post Generator
LinkedIn Post Generator
TikTok Caption Generator
Facebook Post Generator
 







© 2024 imgtype. All rights reserved. 










































